District C Article (#133)
techwriter-pl/techwriter-pl.github.io: blog/district-c-collaboration/index.md

Reviewer: czy nie lepiej zamienic energy profesionals na industry? Chyba ze to strikte chodzi o Hitachi

Author: tak, chodzi o Hitachi. choc nie jestem najwiekszym fanem tego wyrazenia to chyba je zostawie - zostalem poproszony o dodanie tego.

---
title:
  'Student insights - the Hitachi Energy and district C technical writing
  initiative'
authors: niewiarowski

> date: '2024-10-17'

Reviewer 2: @andrzejniewiaro , nie zapomnij (tuż przed zmergowaniem) zmienić tej daty na datę publikacji.

---
title:
  'Student insights - the Hitachi Energy and district C technical writing
  initiative'
authors: niewiarowski
date: '2024-10-17'
tags:

>   - 'bez-kategorii'

Author: racja. usunalem "bez-kategorii".

  - 'dobre-praktyki'
  - 'warsztat'
  - 'praktyki'
  - 'articles-in-english'
coverImage: 'group_photo.jpg'
---

In 2023, the Hitachi Energy Technical Writing Team in Krakow participated in
District C, a project run by the University of North Carolina Wilmington (UNCW)

> to inspire the next generation of energy professionals.

Author: Zmienilem sekwencje rzeczownikow. Zastanawiam sie nad tym rozbiciem zdania na dwie czesci, bo mamy zdanie 1: Hitachi uczestniczylo. Zdanie 2: Universytet prowadzil projekt i inspirowal.

Wiem ze oryginalne zdanie jest dlugie, natomiast oddaje idea wspolpracy obu podmiotow, bo zarowno Hitachi i District C zalezalo by "inspirowac" pracownikow. Po rozdzieleniu mozna odczytac ze District C przyszedl bo byla potrzeba inspiracji ;)

Troche sie zaplatalem w Git, chyba najpierw uzylem calej sugestii a potem zmienilem zdanie.
Obecna wersja brzmi tak:

In 2023, the Technical Writing Team at Hitachi Energy in Kraków participated in
District C, a project run by the University of North Carolina Wilmington (UNCW)
to inspire the next generation of energy professionals.

<!--truncate-->

District C lets students explore a real-life company\'s business operations.
They learn about the unique aspects of an industry hands-on. In the end,
students offer practical advice to the given problem during a pitch meeting,
often their first experience presenting a business case to stakeholders. Read
the story of the collaboration between District C and Hitachi Energy in Krakow,

> written from the perspective of Andrzej, a member of the Technical Writing Team.

Reviewer: czy to tylko twoja perspektywa czy tez czesciowo calego zespolu, artykul brzmi jak troche to i to... ;)

Author: w sumie napisane z kazdej perspektywy, prawda jest ze zarowno ja jak i zespol nie mielismy rozbieznosci w patrzeniu na ten program. Moze wyrazenie typu "on behalf of the technical writing team" byloby lepsze. Przeczytam artykul jeszcze raz i usune zmiany perspektyw w tekscie gdzie z artykulu opisowego przechodze do pierwszej osoby bo to faktycznie moze zgrzytac.

Author: kwestie te troche uladzilem

![](images/students.png) **Participants brainstorm over Zoom.**\_

Our Technical Writing Team consisted of four people, out of which two were new
joiners. Each of us had a different set of experiences and knowledge to share.
It was in our best interest to think about how to collaborate better and align
our efforts.

The American and Polish students participating in the project could interview
the Technical Writing Team about our team's role at Hitachi Energy. Students
used design thinking principles to examine our work environment, aiming to
analyze, find opportunities, gather suggestions, and present them.

We shared our experiences that gave the students an idea of what makes technical
writing rewarding and challenging:

- Complex products and systems
- Volume of information
- Gathering insights from experts and seeking feedback

> - Building knowledge about the Hitachi Energy products

Author: nice

> ![](images/soap_box.jpg) **Lance, Quinn, and Andrzej tell a story about the

Author: ok

project at the soap! content conference in June, 2023.**

## How it was done

> First, there were two rounds of Zoom meetings and presenting information.

Author: chodzi o 1. zmienilem.

The members of the Hitachi Energy Team explained what it is like to be a
Technical Writer and why this role requires specialized expertise. Concise and
clear data gave insight into the organization's daily work and critical focus
areas.

> Then, students pondered what was said and came back with additional questions to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, students reflected on what was said and came back with additional questions to
```

Proponuję "reflected" bo ten termin się pojawia w design thinking.

> dig deeper. Each student group had a specific amount of time to ask strategic

Author: Tak napisalem to pierwotnie :) Limited brzmi troche negatywnie, bo moze sugerowac ze organizator nie zapewnil studentom odpowiedniego czasu, a zabawa polegala na tym, by byla presja czasowa i zeby studenci pracowali efektywnie i podejmowali trudne decyzje.
Zostawilbym "specific".

questions. These were intense, focused sessions in which both sides tried to use
the available time as best they could.

At that point, this exercise was already beneficial to the Hitachi Energy Team.

> We all knew the specifics of our daily operations well. Still, it was a useful

Reviewer: Having said that, it was a useful exercise to describe our role to someone...

Author: Na razie usunalem "At that point" na poczatku.

"After everything" mi tu nie pasuje. Te wywiady ze studentami traktuje jako "mini" cwiczenie w ktorym choc znamy sie na tym co robimy, to opowiedzenie tego komus z zewnatrz nam pomaga. Na razie tak zostawie, mozemy jeszcze o tym pogadac.

exercise to describe our role to someone outside of our working environment.
Explaining without relying on jargon, project names, and mental shortcuts was
challenging. It helped us to reflect on our needs and better understand them by
clear formulation.

## The big event

Student groups learned what operating in a modern global corporate workplace is

> like. They gathered input, applied design thinking principles to empathize,

Author: niech tak bedzie.

> like. They gathered input, applied design thinking principles to empathize,

Author: usunalem "empathize"

identified opportunities for growth, and suggested sound solutions, which were
then presented during the final **pitch meeting** held over Zoom.

![](images/hitachi_crew.png)

**Pitch meeting** is a presentation where an individual or a team presents a
business idea or concept to potential investors, stakeholders, or clients to
secure funding, support, or interest in the project. The presentation usually
includes an overview of the product or service and the proposed solution.

## Examples of solutions

Each group presented its assessment of the opportunities and provided practical
recommendations. Fresh perspectives and solutions were appreciated, as they
logically tied to the identified areas for improvement. At the same time, the

> Hitachi Energy team offered practical feedback, rooting in business operations,

Reviewer: ''Hitachi Energy Team'' linia 56 albo ''Hitachi Energy team'' linia 92,  wybierz jedna..

Author: wybieram z duzej.

> Hitachi Energy team offered practical feedback, rooting in business operations,

Reviewer 3: rooted?

Author: zmienilem na "that was rooted"

experience, and practice.

Students focused mainly on the nature of the interactions between the Technical
Writers and the Subject Matter Experts (SME).

They then explored many valid questions:

> - What is the most efficient way to get SME insights and build product

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- What is the most efficient way to get insights from an SME and build product
```

  knowledge?
- Are multiple team members often asked the same questions?

One suggestion was to invite all SMEs to a single session to get all their
answers. Alternatively, this could be resolved asynchronously through Teams or a
survey.\

> \

Reviewer 4: Cały akapit zaczynający się od Personally bym usunęła, bo ona wybija z rytmu czytania i gubi się tu wątek. Osobiste refleksje powinny być raczej częścią podsumowania artykułu.

Author: dodalem naglowek "the take-aways" gdzie opisuje jak podeszlismy do zalecen. zobacze, moze jeszcze to gdzies przeniose.

> Personally, District C inspired me to use Microsoft Loop, allowing me to engage

Reviewer 2: Co tutaj robi ten akapit? Czy to cytat? Brakuje tu jakiegoś wstępu albo wyjaśnienia.

I co oznaczają te dwa znaki `\` powyżej?

Author: ok, zastanowie sie czy usunac ten akapit albo umiescic go inaczej. akapit pokazuje przyklad decyzji podjetej na podstawie sugestii od studentow. Wiele osob komentuje ten akapit, wiec faktycznie jest do przemysenia na nowo.

Znaki \ dodal mi Pandoc ktorym konwertowalem z Worda. Usunalem je w calym tekscie.

multiple Subject Matter Experts quickly. I can reuse my Loop notes in bigger
collections. I can embed them in MS Teams chats, channels, Outlook e-mails, and
meeting invites. The same content appears in multiple places and can be edited
instantly by me and the SMEs involved.

Other recommendations included:

- Conducting dedicated workshops to get product insights
- Incorporating short videos to distribute knowledge and information
- Using Scrum Master's advice to optimize the collaboration between the Tech

> - Writers and the Dev team

Reviewer 2: Ta linia powinna być częścią punktu powyżej.

Author: ok

- Establishing a more formalized review process

Though we have not used every recommendation, we gained a clearer picture of our

> needs and possibilities. The challenge allowed for the analysis of how we

Reviewer 4: Proponuję trochę rozbić ten fragment, bo to wielokrotnie złożone zdanie jest nieco trudne w odborze. Moja sugestia: The challenge allowed for the analysis of how we
operate on a daily basis. It emphasized the strategic and business
objectives that are key to the effectiveness of the processes we run in Krakow, and for the global organization.

Author: racja.

operate on a daily basis, and it emphasized the strategic and business
objectives that are key to the effectiveness of the processes we run in Krakow
and for the global organization.

> As part of continuous improvement, I regularly reevaluate my approach to

Reviewer 2: Zmiana na pierwszą osobę, tak jak w akapicie "Personally, District C inspired me..." Nie jestem pewien jak mam rozumieć ten fragment i czytam go jak wstawkę.

Author: Sprobuje zniwelowac wstawki. Moge nie pisac jako "ja", ale jako zespol. Pomysle w ktorym miejscu to zebrac.

> As part of continuous improvement, I regularly reevaluate my approach to

Reviewer 4: Jak w przypadku wtrątu o Microsoft Loop - tego typu własne komentarze powinny być w podsumowaniu, o ile są istotne dla całego tekstu. Jak tak to wrzucasz to wytrąca z rytmu czytania i skupienia na tym co było wcześniaj.

Author: W zasadzie to nie musze tych wnioskow pisac ze swojej perspektywy, moze byc wniosek calego zespolu. 
Zalezalo mi na pokazaniu praktycznych efektow uczestnictwa w programie. Moze zasluguje to na wlasna sekcje w podsumowaniu, jak sugerujesz.

Author: zmienilem wtręty, zobaczymy czy teraz jest lepiej.

documentation process and collaboration. Even a year later, I still actively use
the good ideas I picked up during the District C project.

![](images/group_photo.jpg) **Happy participants at the Hitachi Energy Office in

> Krakow.**

Reviewer 4: Paweł zasugerował wcześniej Kraków. Jeśli wybierzesz polską nazwę to musisz to zmienić wszędzie. Jeśli zdecydujesz się na oficjalną międzynarodową nazwę miasta Krakow, to też pilnuj tego wszędzie, żeby nie było raz tak, a raz inaczej ;)

Author: ok

## Cross-cultural collaboration

Shortly after the project was completed, we met the US participants in the
Krakow office and asked about their experiences.

The American view by Quinn Williams:

> > _This program was especially helpful in understanding how different people

Reviewer 2: Rozważ proszę użycie tylko jednej formy wyróżnienia - jeśli jest cytat, to nie musi być jeszcze pochyłym pismem. Jeżeli uważasz, że cytat powinien być zawsze pochyłym pismem, możemy zmienić CSSa dla całego bloga, żeby zawsze tak było.

Author: ok, moze byc bez kursywy.

> to create an effective workflow._

The Polish view by Monika Dąbrowska, a participant in the technical writing
postgraduate studies at Vistula non-public university:

> _What I particularly liked about District C was that we could exchange our
> experiences regarding learning and creating projects. The Polish education
> system and culture lead to a general mindset somewhat contrasting to that of
> American students._<br></br><br></br> _Also, the American view of the Poles is
> far from what we showed during the project. Similarly, the Poles also have
> certain misconceptions about the Americans. These assumptions and
> presuppositions were discussed and challenged during our cooperation, and we
> found power in our variety, creativity, exchanging experiences, and
> understanding one another._

## Kudos

We are grateful to the students willing to listen to our stories and support us,
the practitioners of the obscure art of tech writing. One can always count on
the students to come up with fresh ideas! They were bright, open-minded, and not
burdened with presumptions. We wish you all the best!

And thank you, Dr. Cummings, for creating such a fruitful initiative — we really

> enjoy being a part of it.

Reviewer 4: enjoyed ;)

Author: napisane w czasie terazniejszym, ze w domysle ta wspolpraca bedzie wciaz kontynuowana.
ale ok, racja.

## The 2024 Edition

In 2024, District C returned to Hitachi Energy. This time, it was led by
Karolina Harazim, our Internal Communications Senior Specialist, and supported
by the Tech Writing Team.

> Something tells me this won't be the last time Hitachi Energy collaborates with
> the University of North Carolina Wilmington. Until the next time!

Reviewer 3: Zakładam, że ten projekt się już zakończyl w tym roku.

```suggestion
Something tells me this wasn't the last time Hitachi Energy collaborated with
the University of North Carolina Wilmington. Until the next time!
```

Author: ok

> ## More details about District C

Reviewer 3: Zastsn się czy ten fragment nie powinien być na początku artykułu.

Author: bylo tak we wczesniejszych wersjach, pozniej stwierdzilismy ze za duzo pisalismy o samym District C na poczatku i dlatego wybralismy powiedziec nieco mniej na poczatku a dac takie odniesienie na koniec, jak ktos juz przeczytal to co na wstepie, opis przebiegu programu i chcialby na tym etapie rozeznac sie w tym i skontaktowac z organizatorem.

students the glimpses of the day-to-day experiences of documentation developers.
The collaboration provided valuable insights into technical writing,
cross-cultural teamwork, and continuous improvement, which makes this story a
compelling read for those interested in education, design thinking, or
professional development.

<!--truncate-->

## Introduction

District C lets students explore a real-life company's business operations. They
learn about the unique aspects of an industry hands-on. In the end, students
offer practical advice to the given problem during a pitch meeting, often their
first experience presenting a business case to stakeholders. Read the story of
the collaboration between District C and Hitachi Energy in Kraków. The story is
told by Andrzej, on behalf of the Technical Writing Team.

![](images/students.png) **Participants brainstorming over Zoom.**

## The participants

In 2023, our Technical Writing Team consisted of four people, out of which two
were new joiners. Each of us had a different set of experiences and knowledge to
share. It was in our best interest to think about how to collaborate better and

> align our efforts.<br></br> We were happy to exchange thoughts with a group of

Reviewer 2: Wszędzie gdzie są dwa tagi `<br>` proponuję zamiast tego wstawić dwie nowe linie.

Author: ok

American students of the English Studies at the
[UNCW](https://www.linkedin.com/school/uncw/) and the Polish post-graduate
students taking a technical writing course at the
[Vistula](https://vistula.edu.pl/kierunki-studiow/komunikacja-techniczna)
non-public university.<br></br> The students participating in the project could
interview the Technical Writing Team about our team's role at Hitachi Energy.

> Students used design thinking principles to examine our work environment, aiming

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
They used design thinking principles to examine our work environment, aiming
```

Technical Writer and why this role requires specialized expertise. Concise and
clear data gave insight into the organization's daily work and critical focus
areas.

Then, students reflected on what was said and came back with additional
questions to dig deeper. Each student group had a specific amount of time to ask
strategic questions. These were intense, focused sessions in which both sides
tried to use the available time as best they could.

This exercise had already proven beneficial to the Hitachi Energy Team. We all
knew the specifics of our daily operations well. Still, it was a useful exercise
to describe our role to someone outside of our working environment. Explaining
without relying on jargon, project names, and mental shortcuts was challenging.
It helped us to reflect on our needs and better understand them by clear
formulation.

## The big event

Student groups learned what operating in a modern global corporate workplace is
like. They gathered input, applied design thinking principles, identified
opportunities for growth, and suggested sound solutions, which were then
presented during the final **pitch meeting** held over Zoom.

![](images/hitachi_crew.png)

> (**Pitch meeting** is a presentation where an individual or a team presents a

Reviewer 3: Usunąłbym nawiasy

Author: ok
